Add terms for v5.4 (#7575)
pingcap/docs: glossary.md

- **Durability** means that once a transaction is committed, it remains committed even in the event of a system failure. TiKV uses persistent storage to ensure durability.

## C

### Continuous Profiling

Introduced in TiDB 5.3.0, Continuous Profiling is a way to observe resource overhead at the system call level. With the support of Continuous Profiling, TiDB provides performance insight as clear as directly looking into the database source code, and helps R&D and operation and maintenance personnel to locate the root cause of performance problems using a flame graph. For details, see [TiDB Dashboard Instance Profiling - Continuous Profiling](/dashboard/continuous-profiling.md).

## I

### Index Merge

> Index Merge is a method introduced in TiDB v4.0 to access tables. Using this method, the TiDB optimizer can use multiple indexes per table and merge the results returned by each index. In some scenarios, this method makes the query more efficient by avoiding full table scans. Since v5.4, Index Merge has been become a GA feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Index Merge is a method introduced in TiDB v4.0 to access tables. Using this method, the TiDB optimizer can use multiple indexes per table and merge the results returned by each index. In some scenarios, this method makes the query more efficient by avoiding full table scans. In v5.4, Index Merge becomes a GA feature.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Index Merge is a method introduced in TiDB v4.0 to access tables. Using this method, the TiDB optimizer can use multiple indexes per table and merge the results returned by each index. In some scenarios, this method makes the query more efficient by avoiding full table scans. Since v5.4, Index Merge has become a GA feature.
```
